welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're reluctantly
returning to perfection yet again
with tremors 3 back to perfection oh i
just got that
if you like films that constantly change
their main draw in ways that are
ultimately meaningless
subscribe to the channel for more let's
get to it
we open in argentina of course where
bert has called a midnight press
conference to demonstrate the shriekers
are no longer a threat if you just wait
for them to group up so you can mow them
down with a large gun
and then he returns triumphantly to
perfection where he's still building up
his defenses while the town focuses on
tourism opportunities not having been
victim of an attack for 11 years
this strategy includes off-roading
events that offer simulated graboid
attacks to thrill-seekers
despite jack's success he's derided for
his lack of a clear business plan by
jodi who's come to perfection to run her
uncle walter's store
and get a piece of that juicy graboid
action the next day we see mindy is back
from the first one
fresh off her vacation to isla nublar
and she's returning as a moody teen
yay now we got that going for us too she
accompanies beau champs out behind the
mound looking for some kicks in this
boring town and finds it comes in the
form of a surprise graboid attack
maggie then takes charge of the group as
an expert even though she didn't really
do anything the first time and they head
back into town as burt notices the
readings and hits the alarm he's
triangulated signals across the valley
and determined there to be three
graboids moving down from the north
they're not cut off this time but still
decide to act quickly and alone
since they know they have limited time
before the graboids become shriekers
they end up having no choice but to
accept help when they're approached by
federal agents as they make their
preparations in the morning
they're here to trap and transport this
endangered species
no killing allowed and if the graboids
pose a threat they'll just seal off the
town
that's not why i called you well then
maybe you should have thought that
through
nancy bert runs off to shoot away his
troubles when his ground alarm goes off
he goes to check it out and agraboid is
gently aroused from the earth to taunt
him
and he wishes it across his property
line but he's just showing off for now
they form a tentative alliance with the
feds
agreeing to use their sedatives to help
them capture one of the graboids so they
can move along the paleontologist
returns from the field with a 300 year
old egg with fresh embryonic
gunk inside indicating the grabois can
hatch spontaneously from long dormant
eggs out in the field burke gets jammed
up and goes for an underground barrel
ride before jack has time to mourn he
gets a radio call from bert
inside the beast and follows his request
to lead the graboid to his property it
slams itself into his barrier giving
jack time to cut him out and he learns
that he's got a squirter on his hands
as he works to free bert from his slimy
prison the next day we learn the
graboids have made their conversion
and the shriekers have handled the
federal agent situation so the townsfolk
work to cover their heat signatures best
they can
as they try to pin the shriekers into a
box canyon they're also stranded by a
large sterile graboid that's unable to
metamorphosize into its next form they
spend the night there and wake up to
miguel putting the finishing touches on
his rod
and he offers it to bert's capable hands
for walkie acquisition he calls into
mindy's request line and has her jam on
some tunage to allow them to get off the
rock
in the canyon they discover the
shriekers have molted and they wander
off to find a way
out of the valley the newest iteration
shows off its awkward form before
farting itself into the atmosphere
and aggressively gliding at them and
miguel doesn't make it then a second one
glides in on the ladies even though they
hid inside a cardboard box
forcing them to take even more cover
mindy thinks quick and nukes a honey ham
for about
three seconds but still creates enough
of a heat signature to distract the
glider and let them get into the cooler
i never thought you were dumb oh well
thanks but the way you brought that up
out of nowhere makes me feel a little
self-conscious
out in the field they learn their
insides are highly reactive which is
what allows them to ass blast their way
toward the heavens
they don't get a chance to use this
information however before being forced
into bert's panic room
this should cover their heat signatures
but the ass blaster starts burning its
way in anyway
bert sets a trap and then gleefully
escapes down the emergency slide
a fun way to spend your last moments
fleeing before everything you worked for
goes up in flames then they take a quick
boat ride to the junkyard and let jack
pretend like he's steering
good job jack there after a group
conference in a porta potty they decide
to scavenge parts to build a potato gun
so they can perforate that ass and blow
their attackers up they reconvene after
nightfall and put the parts to good use
killing two but finding the final one
too smart when it ducks
this requires them to engage in close
combat right when they think they're
done the albino graboid shows back up
attracted to bert's stupid watch so
while jody tries to detach bert from the
mattress
jack makes a sticky ball that attaches
the watch to the ass blaster
causing it to be consumed by the graboid
which then just sort of goes away
as the town reconstructs we see that
tourism is back on track and jack and
mindy are dating now
bert manages his real estate concerns by
keeping the sterile loner as a pet
preventing anyone from wanting to live
in the valley and
absolutely wrecking melvin's financial
situation
just a reminder that i've set up a
website that allows you to support the
channel through donations
any donation unlocks a link to a
10-minute review of toby hooper's life
force and would be greatly appreciated
tremors 3 is really pushing the line for
me
i feel we've strayed too far and i'm
hoping for big things with the fourth
film which is a prequel that may take us
back to basics
if we're lucky if you enjoyed the video
i'd love for you to become part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
[Music]
watching